The blog we recognize the last lecture is a pretty mean one.
If we add a new recipe here we save and we go to a shopping list and go back.
You see it's lost it's gone again.
Test test and gone.
So what's happening here.
The issue we encounter here is that we provide our recipes service and the recipes component.
So all the components in this area share the same instance.
But if we navigate away to the shopping list area the recipes component is destroyed and so is the instance
of this service.
So what we need to do to ensure that our service survives is we need to add it to our app Marchal here
by adding it to your recipes service recipe service and adding to import to we make sure that now we
have one instance of the service all the time available.
As long as our app is running.
So now if we add the spaghetti one more time with our beautiful image very tasty as mentioned before
and I hit save.
Now if I come back it's still there.
And as you can see I can still edit it.
So this is now working.
Now we can try putting it to the shopping list which of course doesn't add.
We first of all have to add some ingredients like spaghetti.
But now this is working as expected.
Well almost.
With the remaining bug that here once we clicked does X button we're not deleting the ingredient.
So that's something we should all have a look at.